docs: adding docs for online algorithms (#2615)
oneapi-src/oneDAL: docs/source/onedal/algorithms/statistics/basic-statistics.rst

   * - Variation coefficient
     - :math:`V(j) = \frac {\text{stdev}(j)} {m(j)}`

.. _basic_statistics_p_math:

Partial Computing
-----------------

> Given a block of a dataset :math:`X = \{ x_1, \ldots, x_n \}` with :math:`n` feature vectors of dimension :math:`p`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given a block of a :math:`X = \{ x_1, \ldots, x_n \}` dataset  with :math:`n` feature vectors of :math:`p` dimension,
```

> the sums is a :math:`1 \times p` matrix, the crossproduct is :math:`p \times p` square matrices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the sum is a :math:`1 \times p` matrix, the cross product is :math:`p \times p` square matrices.
```

Author: Does it make sense to use sums, due to here, it means a vector of sum values?

Reviewer: yes, in that case, it's fine

> The sums, the crossproduct are computed with the following formulas:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sums and the cross product are computed with the following formulas:
```

.. list-table::
   :widths: 20 60
   :header-rows: 1
   :align: left

   * - Statistic
     - Definition
   * - Partial Minimum
     - :math:`min(j) = \smash{\displaystyle \min_i } \{x_{ij}\}`
   * - Partial Maximum
     - :math:`max(j) = \smash{\displaystyle \max_i } \{x_{ij}\}`
   * - Partial Sum
     - :math:`s(j) = \sum_i x_{ij}`
   * - Partial Sum of squares
     - :math:`s_2(j) = \sum_i x_{ij}^2`

.. _basic_statistics_f_math:

Finalize Computing
------------------

Given a partial result with partial products,

> the means is a :math:`1 \times p` matrix, the covariance and the correlation matrices are :math:`p \times p` square matrices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the mean is a :math:`1 \times p` matrix, the covariance and correlation matrices are :math:`p \times p` square matrices.
```

Author: Does it make sense to use means, due to here, it means a vector of mean values?

Reviewer: yes, in that case, it's fine
